1. Welcome to our photo club.
Do you like taking photos? Would you like to learn more about how to take good photos?
Or how to make them better? Come to our photo club on Thursday evening and find out.
2. Dance to the music of the world.
Have you ever listened to music from Africa or South America?
Do you like American pop or rock? And do you like to dance?
If you love listening to music from countries all around the world,
come along every Wednesday evening.
Listen to new songs and learn how to dance.
3. Film Night
Tuesday night is film night. Come and watch the latest films.
Enjoy them with your friends. Talk about them all without going to a cinema in the city centre.
A. Jack plays the guitar really well,
but he would like to play with some other people.
He also likes dancing, but has no one to dance with.
B.
Annie has just received a new camera for her birthday,
but she does not know how to use it and would like to learn more.
C.
Dan usually spends his evening watching films on television and DVDs.
He lives a long way from the city centre,
and his parents would like him to make some new friends.